Hell.
So no let's start the practical step of this heights of VB.
So the Visby has as the same as the dress we need to go to the cluster as I told you not fear heights
of ability are clustered in the cluster and in the config we have this fear of ability to do DNS.
So the fact is we need to enable that is already part up so we need to turn it on.
But before we start using this fear hides.
I really think we need to be careful.
We do rule of the dearest.
We need to go right ahead.
Hosts are rude and we need to take careful about the route of the dress because the action of this fear
heart of a reality will have a conflict.
We do.
There is room for example in our situation we have only the hosts and for example we create a rule that
virtual machine should never be in the same host.
That's Auntie affinity in this host.
That's me.
But the first Mushin in do is I want to sing the machine into E-6 I do and to turn the machine in do
is X I number three.
But in any situation for example the host number one tickets down the height of ability should take
all the vitrine machine in this host and reboot them in the other two hosts.
Then we have our conflict with this rule.
One of the virtual machine that exists in the host what will be with a modern machine that should not
be.
We did in the same host and this will give us another.
So for that we need to disable.
I go on deservers this one to avoid any problem.
Dropped to.
But of course in the right environment you will take your attention for the different route and this
conflict will be less when you have more Hulst more.
Yes I have asked for a number of big companies that have thousands.
So rude even to create some rule for three or five Mushin to not be in the same host the highest operability
will have more choice of the different physical Haast to to the virtual machine in separate halls.
Even those that have destry virtual machine have more place to reboot theme inside older is host.
So for that we deserved this one too of with any problem.
Krol dictatorial because we have a simple situation.
Only treat it because I host.
So we go through this and we click it to turn it on.